Transcription

Yeah, no worries. Hello? Yeah, hello? Sorry, is it a good time right now? Yeah, you can. It's a good time. Okay, okay, great. So, yeah, hold on. I'm just reading a message. Yeah, so a couple of things. Should the date be visible? Compact card always or only on Hover? Can we have like a toggle to show or hide the date? Sure, yeah. Yeah, so that is one. And yeah, so maybe not exactly today. Okay, so I'll come back to you on this after discussing with Raj tomorrow, whether to keep it as two days ago, three days ago, like whether to keep it relative or to keep it absolute, you know, like the date, mentioning the date. So I'll come back to you. And secondly, also sorting, like, you know, if you want to see which is the newest first, so newest to oldest or oldest to newest, sorting the cards like that. Based on the created date, right? Based on the assigned date. Based on the science. Okay, I think we can do filters on that. So based on which thing we want to sort it. Sorry, sorry? Like we can have filters like you have to choose like you want to sort based on assigned date or you want to sort by created date, something like that. So the user has the functionality to do that. Correct, correct, perfect, perfect. Yeah, yeah, correct. So that should work. And also, you know, which date to be visible, whether created date or assigned date or proposal sent date. So all the relevant dates, we can select which one to display. If the user wants to display all of them, then the card would become a bit complex, right? So we can select, like, can we give the user the option to select, say, any one of the, like, one or two of the dates? Can we give that option? Yes, yes, yes. We can do that. We can do that. Also, that is for the user view. But I think it is by default on to if user hover over a card, they should be able to see all the trails automatically after a half second. So that is by default enabled. And if they want to see all the cards, they can toggle the filters and see that this is assigned by date and these things so that they don't have to hover over each of the cards. Correct, correct, correct. And then they can also sort. Yeah, they can do that. Yeah. Correct. Understood. And, uh, so correct. So that is one also, secondly, uh, today when I was trying on the link, uh, so I feel there's a couple of issues. So I don't know whether it is right now at a very initial stage. Uh, it's still in the development, right? Yes. Yes, it is. Okay. Okay. Okay. Then, then take it because what was happening is when I edited the name of one of the records for some time, it showed me the same name for all the records. Hmm. Hmm. And when I assigned one of the records to someone... Oh, got it. Yeah, and when I assigned... Yeah, that was because the seats, they have the same ID. Like, they are duplicates. That's why if you assign the same kind, like if it is e-commerce, and if you change the name of that or assign to it, all names will change because they have the same ID. So we have to update the seats with the real ID or maybe some real data so that we can test on this if it is working or not. Okay, okay, okay. If the data is not clean, then, like, you know, it is not correct. Understood, understood. Okay, done. So, I'll get back to you tomorrow on whether to have the data as a relative or whether to have absolute, yeah? Yeah, yeah, sure, sure. Give me all the inputs because I was working yesterday on this and my charger broke, so I was not able to complete the project and, like, I gave them the, Mr. Raj, the broken version. It was not complete, so sorry for that. I'm still working on this. Okay, okay. No problem. I'll get back to you on these points. Let me know if you have any other points. I will try to incorporate that because it's good to have all the things before that because if you keep changing the things, then we will drift away from the requirements. Correct. Fair enough. I'll do that. I'll come back to you together. Yes. Okay. Thank you. Bye. Thank you. Bye.


